listen it's crazy that there's all these
Christmas releases coming out into
theatres yet the movie we've gotten the
most requests for is a Netflix original
movie and I know a lot of people keep
comparing it to a quiet place but
considering it's based on a book that
was written way before that one
even before the happening which is also
very similar and considering that Oh
buddy steps in inhale that for some
reason was facing up how how to say they
had their differences I was excited for
this one because it came from the same
writer of arrival which I love that dude
also did extinction for Netflix this
year and did you don't know that they're
making a live-action remake of your name
I personally think Burt box is a solid
run too it may not be as dark as the
book but it does have Sandra Bullock in
trivanti Rhodes in it don't you feel
chemistry so I don't blame you for
staying home let me explain I know a lot
of people just want to know where the
monsters come from so starting off with
the mythology I went in and I did my
investigative journalism and I found a
direct quote from the screenwriter who
reached out to the author of the book on
how that was the first question out of
his mouth when he got him on the phone
and the author's answer to where the
creatures originated from was oh I have
no idea see a lot of you always get mad
at me when there's no answer to these
questions like I get that we want
answers from a movie but the truth is a
lot of these movies focus more on what
the creatures set up and not from where
they came up is everyone a fan of those
types of stories no you know I
personally think that if you want to
focus on a theme having an origin for
your story doesn't in her but obviously
it's all about the metaphor luckily the
screenwriter did add his own little
twist of the movie of his ideas of where
they may have originated from and all
that comes from a big exposition scene
with Charlie telling it to you
got the surrogate from ancient Christian
occult beliefs that made pregnant women
encounter their unborn children as other
creatures such as lobsters or spiders
he kept the hula gene from China you got
the pooka from Celtic mythology all
different names but the same thing
what's that the end of us so while it's
not official according to the
screenwriter Charlie's crazy theories
would be his interpretation of where
they came from these demons from
different religions that are really all
the same entity looking to prey on the
fear of people plus we already know
laura is usually right but obviously the
big theme of the movie I got of it was
parenting and how unprepared Mallory was
going into it to the point that it felt
like she was parenting blindfolded it's
it's kind of clever so it's it's a
metaphor for motherhood what's going on
socially in the world and I think you
know we're kind of getting to that place
where we're not looking at people
anymore we're all very isolated yep I'm
very happy not to talk to anyone
directly or make a call I said can I
just text you can I just not have any
human contact or and just stay in my
pajamas on my bed and go shopping so in
the beginning of the movie we see on the
news that people are killing themselves
when they see these creatures nobody
knows exactly what it is but it's like a
Wizarding spell that makes you see your
most ridiculous fears and turns you into
Zuckerberg and that's when we meet
Mallory her baby daddy left her so she's
kind of ensure about this baby because
deep inside of her she's worried that
she won't be able to connect to her own
child her sister then takes her to the
hospital where they find this lady
having a banging headache and everyone
starts going crazy because the creatures
have arrived
being so stupid now some would think
it's ridiculous that things would go
that crazy that fast but personally I
don't think it's fast enough
y'all know good and well that just the
thought of a virus what have us killing
ourselves in America months before it
even spreads over here so saying her
sister gets blindsided by a truck she
think it's rescued by this lady who
picks the wrong day for a sauna and a
bunch of people then find themselves in
PD Wong's house like a normal Wednesday
in Cali
there's the bitter Douglass who lost his
wife and takes these rations a little
too seriously Tom who sandy falls for in
the moonlight Olympia who shows up with
a dumpling of her own a leader and
Machine Gun Kelly who are about to make
their own and Cheryl and Charlie who
just mind their own business but it's
not what those kids stories you know
where they all got crossbows they're
killing each other justifiable running
around some giant maze Beauty then
brings up his security cameras in hopes
of detecting the monsters via heat
signature but because they're worried
that it might make him go crazy when he
stares at them they tie him up and leave
him alone with his computer in the room
the camera picks up on some wind which
I'll just say if the design of the
creatures is meant for them to be
invisible I don't know why we keep
seeing shadows for them but either way
they cause BD Wong to flip out and
that's one down charlie then brings up
going to the supermarket where he works
for supplies and they come up with the
genius idea of med tinting their windows
as they drive using their GPS be like
didn't we just see a bunch of crashes in
the way then abusing the proximity
sensors on the car which is cool until
it turns super creepy and for some
reason these demons are playing by the
same rules of the Mist where they won't
break into you to get you you have to go
to them so luckily they make it to the
supermarket where y'all should have set
up camp and stayed there all of us
collectively are making the end of the
world after you toss this dude of course
Charlie ends up sacrificing himself when
one of the creatures pulls that stunt
the annihilation bear did and pretends
to be one of his co-workers seeking help
Sandra quickly remembers how the birds
were also you
to signal them in arrival and decides to
take them since again if these are
demons the birds would be able to tell
when evil entities are nearby they
return back home Lucy and Felix steal
the car causing Machine Gun Kelly to
probably die for the second time in 2018
and then this random dude ain't Gary
appears now he starts spewing things
about how cycles were breaking into his
house and they weren't even wearing
blindfolds meaning they were immune to
the creatures now you can see that as
you know I'm not having fear so it
didn't affect them but what I do know is
that I didn't trust Gary the moment he
walked in he knocks out trivanti opens
the garage door so the creatures can get
inside the mind of John Malkovich but
then this dude goes into the room where
these two just gave birth opens up the
window killing Olympia cuts Jackie from
the cast but then luckily Johnny boy and
Trayvon to come back and take this fall
down years later Tom and Malorie are the
only survivors with these two kids one's
hers and the other is Olympia's and
they're having this big arguments over
how to raise the kids you know he wants
to give them dreams she don't even want
to give them names boy girl
and while they still haven't gotten all
their creature questions answered the
only question that I had during this
part of the movie was how is my man
still getting enough protein during the
apocalypse to keep up with these gates
they make contact with someone over the
radio who lets them know about the
sanctuary the Savior's I guess we can
call them then come in trying to get
them to look at the creature so Tom
sacrifices himself and keeping up with
the metaphor of raising a five year-old
Sandra gets hit with these Grand Rapids
16 hours on the river and they come
across this heel sniffing serial killer
from minehunters who claims to have seen
the creatures who I guess can be a
metaphor for the creepers you gotta keep
away from your kids 24 hours on the
river and she realizes how lazy kids can
be
how quickly they lose things and how
they don't follow directions 38 hours on
the river and you get the darkest part
where Sandra is ready to sacrifice this
little girl and make her look for
directions I don't know if sacrificing a
child is a part of the parenting process
but this little girl looked like an Ewok
so how dare you even think of that we
didn't get the forest scene which if I'm
being honest this was the scene I was
the most critical about like I know that
this is supposed to be the climax where
she embraces being a parent but I don't
get way these two split yeah a little
girl may have felt a way about it but
these two were raised together right
there were supposed to be inseparable
they were literally trained to do the
exact opposite of what they do in this
scene right here
luckily Sandra's able to daredevil her
way and finds them rushes through the
forest and uses them as bumpers and then
finds a sanctuary that they heard about
on the radio
I'm not even alive for a second I
actually thought this was gonna be one
of those Walking Dead movies spin-offs
but nah ended up being a school for the
blind that's also surrounded by birds
for security in the book this was
actually a little bit darker because
when she finds a sanctuary everyone in
there purposefully gouged out their
eyeball so they couldn't see so this is
a little bit more of an optimistic
ending they're able to unite with
everybody there
Mallory finally gives these kids their
names and Social Security numbers and
the three settle in as they're able to
survive another day but if looking at
them makes you want to kill yourself
does that also make this a metaphor for
your ex thinking after checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section your
theories on the origins and stuff like I
said sometimes these movies don't have a
specific origin it's really cool that
the screenwriter went out and try to
make his own and that's the theories
that Charlie has bet you know I'm one of
those where I definitely think the
metaphor stands out about parenting and
stuff it's just it's okay to have both
you don't have a little little origin
plan to your movie and then also had the
theme stick out I think that they
benefit each other you don't have to
pick one over the other but here's to
know what your thoughts about this movie
any other ones as we get towards the end
of the year that you like anything else
that's on Netflix I guess and a shout
out to Sandra Bullock I had no idea
obviously age isn't important but
saying Sandra Bullock looks better now
than she did 20 years ago you know
sometimes the light hits her and she
looks a little bit like tony perkins
better than that like this girl's still
gorgeous
so I'm Kirsten any thoughts down below
in the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you your very own blindfold